I want to give students in Master of Statistics (MSTA) recommendation about when to take what courses. Referring to 'MSTA 2026 Course List.xlsx', the courses are classified into 4 types: (i) Required (two required courses are fundamental and hence should be taken in Year 1 Term 1), (ii) Elective-Core (students are required to take at least one of three Elective-Core courses. The course should be taken no later than other elective courses. I think they should be taken in Year 1, Term 1 or 2), (iii) Elective-Breath and (iv) Elective-Depth (Breath's are courses that are not too theoretical, comparing to Depth's). Capstone Project (I/II) and Internship Training are designed to be offered in Term 2 to help students find internships/jobs in summer right after Term 2. The course outlines and descriptions are in C:\Users\曾家炜\Desktop\Useful webapps\MSTA scheme\Course outline for MSTA\Course outline for MSTA. They are now in pdf/doc format.

Tasks:
1. Use OCR (by Python?) to read all the course outlines and descriptions.
2. Fill-in Columns 'Recommended Course Offering Term' and 'Reasons' in 'MSTA 2026 Course List.xlsx'. Pay attention to prerequisites of some courses.
3. Build a webapp for students to get recommendation. The webapp should do the followings:
3.1 When students input their interests, the webapp generate a study plan. There should be a field for students to input their LLM API keys for general suggestions. Without a API key, the webapp can provide some default choices, e.g. Finance, Biomedical, PhD study, etc. Please also give me some suggestions if you can find some suitable options based on our courses offered. Notice that the study plan must be consistent with the offering terms you suggested in STEP 2.
3.2 There should be a graph with all courses, each of them in one circle. When students click on one circle (i.e. one course), a recommended study path will show to link all the prerequisite courses of the course so that the students understand what courses are recommended to take first before taking the chosen course.   